# How - On Windows
1. install node.js on windows
2. open command prompt
3. cd into dir you want

# How - On Docker Container
1. install NodeJS
2. ```apt-get install curl -y```
3. ```curl -fsSL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_lts.x | sudo -E bash - && sudo apt-get install -y nodejs```
4. if you get error 
```
dpkg: error processing archive /var/cache/apt/archives/nodejs_18.17.1-deb-1nodesource1_amd64.deb (--unpack): trying to overwrite '/usr/share/systemtap/tapset/node.stp', which is also in package libnode72:amd64 12.22.9~dfsg-1ubuntu3 Errors were encountered while processing: /var/cache/apt/archives/nodejs_18.17.1-deb-1nodesource1_amd64.deb E: Sub-process /usr/bin/dpkg returned an error code (1)
```
- then run
- ```sudo apt-get remove libnode72:amd64 -y```
- ```sudo apt-get install -f```
7. repeat step 3
8. ```npm install -g yo generator-code```
9. ```su user```
10. ```sudo mkdir workspace```
11. ```sudo chown -R user /workspace```
12. ```yo code```
13. choose new extension (javascript)
14. then setting those i dk, just pick what u see fit
15. next, u go to `/src/extension.ts`
16. then you press `F5`, you shouldn't see any error, if you do, probably you `git clone` the repo rather than `yo code` it?
17. if you still get `Cannot find module 'vscode' or its corresponding type declarations.ts` error
- try run `npm install`
- `CTRL + SHIFT + P` -> `reload vscode`
17. then you press `CTRL + SHIFT + P` -> type `hello world`
18. if you try to run the command thru `command palatte (CTRL + SHIFT + P)`
19. The template generated by yo requires the latest vscode the be installed. Change it in the package.json or upgrade vscode.
17. press F5
18. choose `npm:compile`
19. wait until it pops up a new vs code
20. to build extension
21. in command prompt, run ```npm install -g vsce```
22. cd into your project, where package.json is located, pls open file explorer to confirm that lol
23. then, if your README is default one, pls edit your README, else, it wont proceed
24. now run ```vsce package```
25. a new file called `xxx.vsix` should be created
26. now go to extension -> install from vsix
24. open `command pallate (CTRL + SHIFT + P)` -> Activate your extension

# Set up
You have to place the JSON file in the correct path
1. Run the extension, it will pop up the path it is looking for
2. Then, copy the JSON files from `./jsonFile` to the path that VScode tells u

# Multiple extension
If you happen to git clone multiple extension within one docker container / vscode workspace
1. open vscode terminal, choose the repo that you want
2. run `npm run watch`
3. if u didnt run that, when you debug, it wont take changes of your current edit
4. go to `Run & Debug` window
5. Drop down, choose `Run extension (your repo)`
6. You might encounter pop up saying error, do you still want to debug or something
7. Choose `debug anyway`
8. Try run your extension command, you should be good to go
